Hi everyone, today I present to you one
garlic sauce as you can see me
I got a nice booking for quite a while
fresh adio and this is a sauce chi
it can be spread on bread on
really good bruschetta good good
the characteristic of this sauce is
that we will get it by cooking the garlic on
oven with aromas and the
main or positive feature of
this sauce is that it doesn't leave a bad one
breath
yo's main problem is that
however it gives problems with halitosis e
product to warn but it is so in this
case this sauce is delicious and not
leave no problem then the
first thing we need to do is clean the
for I have here a baking sheet with paper
you can see the oven here and us now
let's go to adapt radio is really
simple and quick to do then
we cut the upper part into this
so we want to study the whole part
external we are only fresh more
neighbor holding the whole head together
of the year here it is and we put it in line
we hope so here is my whole year
it is ready as you can see some
clove has broken off it doesn't matter
so now I'm going to put here a
bit of bb
perfect a nice pinch of salt
here's some extra virgin olive oil from
perfect olive add some malt and
you can use the malt you prefer
I took this recipe as a starting point for
this recipe is a recipe I have
found online while a bit of malt for
do a little bit of sweetness to this
false that it will be very good perfect put
I put some fresh rosemary on top
this way of bay leaves e
covers with tinfoil
your good so live does not
will burn in the oven at 200 degrees for 40
minutes
so here we are the lake is
cooked is really there is a perfume
unbelievable
now I show you how I get the cream is
really very very simple look
practically I take the mirror and it
I drop into one
little bowl look is really easy
this is easy and very easy and soft
a tender and truly of goodness
unbelievable this false I will make of
bruschetta tonight with this sauce mi
then I'll put some pictures at the end
so I proceed to the end once
done all this work by one
mixed with the sauce and if necessary a
just salt and pepper
and just a climax is the clove is
become so soft to be already
a cream
I opted for coverage with cast
with tinfoil because I already had it
obviously tried making this recipe
it was the first time she had burnt me
a singed piece of garlic a little bit
instead I prefer it to remain so beautiful
nice soft and without burns then
I continue then this is the sauce that
I just got the garlic
this is the mixing of the slices
what remains of the usurper
to garlic and now I show you
the application practically I go
to spread it inside a focaccia
if you are interested in the focaccia video
of spelled and I put it here I leave you the
link practically I take mine
killer and spal but it is as I said it can
be used both on bruschetta
which inserted as a filling in a slice
of focaccia or bread or of what
we prefer
here I guarantee you that it is delicious if
try it and if it is, maybe you do me
know below the video with a comment vi
I send you a kiss and see you
to the next video bye